[Music]
I'm sorry firm that pig has to go no
it's not there can't help being born
small we lots no friends here lower to
be yourself
[Music]
bagi hi there
wanna play I don't play I know I spy I
eat I hide me in a nutshell
[Music]
he's got no idea what's gonna happen
what are you talking about they're
saving you for Christmas humans love
pigs
they love pork salutations my name is
Charlotte Charlotte a cab Attica
hi I've never met a spider before what
are you doing making breakfast eat flies
oh I drink their blood please don't hurt
me I'm making you a promise I am going
to save you you're a spider how are you
going to stop them with the right words
you can change the world Templeton I
need words and lots of them I'm gonna
get me some
Oh some words that will never find words
Hey look words
[Music]
how could this happen a miracle in a
time when we really don't see many
miraculous things know what this but I
love it
Charlotte's Web the rat is happy
[Music]